Return ragged arrays in Environment Matching Code (#1064)
glotzerlab/freud: doc/source/reference/credits.rst

* Extending plotting options for the ``Voronoi`` module.
* Work with Bradley Dice on adding neighbor vectors to ``freud.locality.NeighborList``.
* Remove `global_search` flag in ``freud.environment.EnvironmentCluster``.

> * Remove zero-pading from arrays in ``freud.environment.EnvironmentCluster`` and ``freud.environment.EnvironmentMotifMatch``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Remove zero-padding from arrays in ``freud.environment.EnvironmentCluster`` and ``freud.environment.EnvironmentMotifMatch`` and replace with ragged lists of NumPy arrays.
```
